Clean e2e test setup (#1443)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: CONTRIBUTING.md

make lint
```

> ### Managing python dependencies on Kedro-viz 

Reviewer: Nit: we capitalize this.

```suggestion
### Managing Python dependencies on Kedro-viz 
```

> Python dependencies in Kedro-viz are usually updated automatically through tools like Dependabot or triggered by deprecation warnings. When updating dependencies, especially the lower-bound version, it's essential to also update the 'lower-requirements.txt' file manually. This ensures that our e2e tests reflect the latest dependencies, maintaining project stability and compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python dependencies in Kedro-Viz are usually updated automatically through tools like Dependabot or triggered by deprecation warnings. When updating dependencies, especially the lower-bound version, it's essential to also update the `lower-requirements.txt` file manually. This ensures that our e2e tests reflect the latest dependencies, maintaining project stability and compatibility.
```

> If the lower-bound e2e test fails, it indicates that some dependencies may not work correctly with Kedro-viz. To resolve this, update the problematic dependency in both 'requirements.txt' and 'lower-requirements.txt'.

Author: @tynandebold @ravi-kumar-pilla  --as Ravi mentioned I added some info in contributing docs.  let me know if this is fine here?

> If the lower-bound e2e test fails, it indicates that some dependencies may not work correctly with Kedro-viz. To resolve this, update the problematic dependency in both 'requirements.txt' and 'lower-requirements.txt'.

Reviewer: `Kedro-Viz` and not `Kedro-viz`.

Might also put the file paths in code formatting.

```suggestion
If the lower-bound e2e test fails, it indicates that some dependencies may not work correctly with Kedro-Viz. To resolve this, update the problematic dependency in both `requirements.txt` and `lower-requirements.txt`.
```
